docs(instances): remove mention of sla (#1897)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/instances/june2022/2022-06-15-instances-added-pro2-instances.mdx

product: instances
---

> Build your infrastructure on state-of-the-art AMD EPYC™ 7003 Series processors at an amazing price/performance ratio. [Learn more about PRO2 Instances.](https://www.scaleway.com/fr/instances-virtuelles/pro2/)

Author: ```suggestion
Build your infrastructure on state-of-the-art AMD EPYC™ 7003 Series processors at an amazing price/performance ratio. [Learn more about PRO2 Instances.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/cost-optimized-instances/)
```
